# Day 5

## My weeks reflections:

>I have to admit this week was extremely hard for me. Most of the time I felt behind and like everyone was getting it but me. I almost cried multiple times and I have to continue to remind myself that I am learning something brand new and that its ok to feel like I'm clueless. 
>
>At the beginning of this week I really didnt understand the structure of HTML at all and I really struggled with "just do it how you want" because I wanted an outline and didnt realize there was so many ways that one thing could be achieved, that knowledge awesome and terrifying all at the same time. I dont fully understand how to use CSS or bootstrap, I also still very much feel like I'm behind, scattered, and that I'm picking this up slower than what is expected but I'm very excited about the bits I have actually started to understand. I now have a much better understanding of HTML layout and the visual concept of flex box and I really like the wireframing tool for creating a plan of attack, which will hopefully help me reign in my scattered thoughts. I very much appreciate Mark, although he may already be sick of my billion questions, and I am very enthusiastic about my decision to do this training. I hope that I get better at asking the right questions and knowing what it is I need as I continue and that I get into the groove of learning how to learn. I am by no means feeling like I'm ready to move onto the next bit of content and I'm struggling with moving throught the steps of the projects but I'm optomistic and I'm going to try my best.
